c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\MulServiceHost.dll.config
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\MulServiceHost.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\MulServiceHost.pdb
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\MulServiceLibrary.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\MulServiceLibrary.pdb
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\obj\Debug\MulServiceHost.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\obj\Debug\MulServiceHost.dll
c:\Users\mallikarjun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCF1demo\MulServiceHost\obj\Debug\MulServiceHost.pdb
